src/content/docs/agents/adal.md, before:

---
title: AdaL CLI
description: "The self-evolving coding agent by Sylph.AI — terminal + web, MCP-native, built on AdalFlow"
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: Built by Us
    variant: note
---

## Overview

| | |
|---|---|
| **Company** | Sylph.AI |
| **Type** | Terminal + Web agent |
| **Pricing** | Free + Pro tier |
| **Protocol** | MCP (Model Context Protocol) |
| **Config Formats** | AGENTS.md |
| **Library** | [AdalFlow](https://github.com/SylphAI-Inc/AdalFlow) |
| **Website** | [sylph.ai](https://sylph.ai) |

## What It Does

AdaL CLI is a self-evolving coding agent that runs in both terminal and web interfaces. Built on the AdalFlow library, it features multi-model support, MCP tool integration, skills system, and the ability to improve its own capabilities over time.

## Key Strengths

- **Self-evolving**: Learns from interactions and improves its own tooling
- **Dual interface**: Terminal CLI and browser-based web UI
- **MCP-native**: Full Model Context Protocol support
- **Skills system**: Extensible capabilities via SKILL.md files
- **Multi-model**: Supports Claude, GPT, Gemini, and local models
- **AdalFlow library**: Open-source agentic AI framework
- **Research-backed**: Incorporates state-of-the-art AI agent research

## Built on AdalFlow

AdalFlow is the open-source library powering AdaL CLI:
- Modular agent architecture
- Prompt optimization and caching
- Tool orchestration
- Memory management
- Multi-provider model support

## Best For

- Developers who want a customizable, extensible agent
- Researchers exploring agentic AI
- Projects that need both terminal and web access
- Teams looking for an open-source alternative

---

*[Learn more at sylph.ai](https://sylph.ai) · [View AdalFlow on GitHub](https://github.com/SylphAI-Inc/AdalFlow)*

Commit message:

docs: update AdaL CLI page and homepage link
- Update Config Formats to include ADAL.md
- Add Time to Market: 12/2025
- Change Protocol to \"Support MCPs, Skills\"
- Update Explore Agents button to link to AdaL CLI

Co-Authored-By: AdaL <adal@sylph.ai>

src/content/docs/agents/adal.md, after:

---
title: AdaL CLI
description: "The self-evolving coding agent by Sylph.AI — terminal + web, MCP-native, built on AdalFlow"
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: New
    variant: tip
---

## Overview

| | |
|---|---|
| **Company** | Sylph.AI |
| **Type** | Terminal agent with CLI and Web UI |
| **Pricing** | Free, Pro, Max, Max++ |
| **Protocol** | Support MCPs, Skills |
| **Config Formats** | AGENTS.md, ADAL.md |
| **Time to Market** | 12/2025 |
| **Website** | [sylph.ai](https://sylph.ai) |

## What It Does

AdaL CLI is a self-evolving coding agent that runs in both terminal and web interfaces. Built on the [AdalFlow](https://github.com/SylphAI-Inc/AdalFlow) library, it features multi-model support, MCP tool integration, skills system, and the ability to improve its own capabilities over time.

## Key Strengths

- **Self-evolving**: Learns from interactions and improves its own tooling
- **Dual interface**: Terminal CLI and browser-based web UI
- **MCP-native**: Full Model Context Protocol support
- **Skills system**: Extensible capabilities via SKILL.md files
- **Multi-model**: Supports Claude, GPT, Gemini, and local models
- **AdalFlow library**: Open-source agentic AI framework
- **Research-backed**: Incorporates state-of-the-art AI agent research

## Built on AdalFlow

AdalFlow is the open-source library powering AdaL CLI:
- Modular agent architecture
- Prompt optimization and caching
- Tool orchestration
- Memory management
- Multi-provider model support

## Best For

- Developers who want a customizable, extensible agent
- Researchers exploring agentic AI
- Projects that need both terminal and web access

---

*[Learn more at sylph.ai](https://sylph.ai) · [View AdalFlow on GitHub](https://github.com/SylphAI-Inc/AdalFlow)*
